This movie was the first that I have seen in a very long time that left me staring at the screen with chills. There were moments where I thought to myself how fantastic it was to be able to see such a visually stunning marvel of a movie in theaters. The acting, the music, the emotion, the direction, and the overall visual poetry of this movie were astounding.
I sat in a packed yet silent theater this morning and watched, what I believe to be, the next Academy Award winner for the Best Picture. I'm not at all a fan of war movies but I am a fan of great movies....and 1917 is a great movie. I have never been so mesmerized by set design and direction, the mass human emotion of this film is astonishingly captured and embedded magically in the audience.
Don't listen to the critics saying this movie is boring. This movie is one of the most tense and exciting movies I've seen in years. Amazing cinematography and overall amazing experience of a movie.
Guaranteed Oscar. A technical and visual triumph. Bravo Roger Deakins!
It's a stunning watch from start to finish. The amount of work that went into this film alone deserves your attendance, and even then, the story never stalls, and has a fair balance between war and humanity, and has some of the most incredible camera work I've seen in a while. It's hands down my favorite film of 2019.
This is hands down one of the greatest war movies to ever hit the silver screen along with being very unique. The hell of the WWI battlefield is a subject that hasn't been covered in a long time and Mr. Mendes executes this perfectly.
Exhilarating from start to finish, well deserving of the Golden Globe wins! A masterpiece I'm so glad I got to see in RPX. So well filmed with beautiful lighting, suspense, incredible action, and cinematography is top notch. I loved everything about 1917 especially the exciting night sequence and the I'm happy with everything that happens.
First off, this is NOT a war film. It is a movie about the bond of men in war. It is by far the best movie I've seen in a very, very long time. I had high expectations and was not disappointed. At first I was eager to see the one shot idea Sam Mendes went into this with but, after awhile, I stopped paying attention to that. While everything about the movie was well done I was so caught up in the two central characters that nothing else mattered. I will watch this again and again.
One of the best war films ever made . The acting the storyline everything about this film is top class . I can't recommend this film highly enough superb
Thank you for everyone making absolutely amazing story
I'm so glad I saw this and that I saw it on the big screen. It was (I believe) a gruesomely realistic depiction of WWI. I feel that I now have a better understanding of what those combat soldiers experienced. The connection to the soldiers' journey was very much enhanced by the cinematography, but the collaboration of all the parts - the story, the direction, acting, editing, etc. - was all very well done. My humble opinion.
Masterpiece. Great acting, with no real big names in the leading part. The awards are so deserved.
This won't be long. I'm in awe. Probably the greatest war film I've ever seen. There are scenes in this movie that drew emotions from me that I was shocked to find. It will simultaneously show you the horrors of war and the scope of determination. A perfect film.
I hate war films, find them morbid and depressing. This one however from start to finish was amazing. I was glued to this all the way. The story is fantastic, made me cry a few times. You will not be disappointed. Acting is A******
The one shot style the movie was shot in combined with the great acting makes this a must-see movie. Historically accurate and the best movie in 2020 so far.
The complete idea of filming the movie in one shot just adds a strawberry on the top. There is not much to say, except that I would recommend everyone to watch this movie. The dramatic score, acting and all the surrounding of the battlefields and reliving all the intense situations pulls you deep into the movie, where you feel all the awfulness and distress of a war.
This film was very well done to the extend that you grasp for air as you go along with the cast in their journey. Each scene was the epitome of perfection. There are no words to describe the cinematography skills that was used for this masterpiece.
Feels real and brings the emotions of war close to your heart. A must see.
Even if you're not a fan of War movies, I would still recommend this to anyone! It is a brilliantly told story that is beautifully shot, wonderfully acted and perfectly scored in terms of music! It is an absolute pleasure of a film. Each scenes keeps you intrigued and on the edge of your scene.
Every scene of the movie will put you there on the scene . Amazing camera work , watch it on IMAX screen for maximum effect .
Sure, camerawork looks good, kudos, but the shoehorning, lack of a script, mediocre acting, deux ex machina, no character development, and suspension of disbelief turn this into a sort of dumbed down cartoon of a war picture. The only emotional scene was in the final 30 seconds, Everything else, basically was implausible.
Saving Private Ryan in WWI but boring and tedious and unrealistic. OMG someone died in a war-stop the presses! I felt like Elaine watching the English Patient with Peterman.
I don't feel like I know the characters at all. I have no idea why the two soldiers were friends or what they had been through together.
The cinematography tried so hard to make this an emotional shocking movie that it had the opposite effect. War scenes with gratuitous up close views of corpses and body parts that don't add anything to the story got old quick.
Good effects crappy movie.
Predictable and horrendous. The acting was terrible and the story was common and nonsense. The only exciting part about the movie was the very end when finally people were dying and it represented WW1. I highly doubt he met a strange woman with an abandoned child and I highly doubt any of this even happened. This movie was Saving Private Ryan, but boring and predictable.
I really don't understand all the rave reviews on this film. It is tedious and boring. The dialogue is stilted. If you enjoy watching men walk through trenches, then this is the film for you.
The story is a cliche and the performance is awful, I wonder how people thought of comparing it to the Saving Private Ryan.
This movie could have been done in 30 minutes. Terrible waste of money and a total snooze fest.
Ponderous and trite. Poorly directed, totally predictable. Hard to understand the buzz. I forced myself to watch the entire movie as I always do when I review. Recommend you skip this one. Totally panders to the PC anti-war Hollywood lefties ... don't get drawn in.
Okay first of all it's better than 1 star but as of the stupid, pathetic HIGH rating had no choice but to try even it out with the worst rating possible. This film is slow, full of plot holes, characters that no one could like, not enough action, sort of like a made for tv Sunday night film. High Drama crap. As for the plot itself well Spielberg did it a million times better. This is artsy-fartsy type crap, that the snobs an the critics lap up.
1917. Masterpiece? Ridiculous war film in the trend of feelgood brexit movies like Dunkerque was one. With of course the brave Tommie and the eternally bath Krauts. Much better: paths of glory, Johnny got his gun.
I honestly don't understand the high ratings of his film! I see people writing "it's as good as saving private Ryan" please do NOT compare this film to saving private Ryan. It doesn't even come close to it. I left the cinema underwhelmed and did not get the climax I wanted considering it's a war movie. I mean, why call it a war movie when there's not even any action ?????!!!!!! And the beautiful visual and single shot film isn' good enough to call it a good film. Save your money and wait for it to come out on Netflix or another streaming service.
I dont typically write reviews but this movie was such a dissappointment. I was expecting a war movie but got 2 guys walking around the country for 2 hours now dont get me wrong it started off very interesting but got boring very fast. Great shots and they captured WW1 very well but they should have have some good action sequences in there.
The worst movie ever. Don't waste your time. I don't know why the rate is 8.5. If I could I would give -10
Not sure what all the fuss is about this movie, but giving it a 1 star is very generous. Waste of time and money. I was expecting a 'saving private Ryan' type movie, but was very disappointed.
3/4 of the way through watching this rubbish. Thankfully I am a member of a great cinema in Heaton Mersey that sells decent quality wine at reasonable prices. Do not get taken away by the reviews this is like watching paint dry slowly. 2 hours I will never get back.
This is quite possibly, no wait, this is the worst ever depiction on film of World War 1 and thus does a great disservice to the memories of those men who lost their lives in the Great War. So totally unrealistic, terrible cringe worthy acting and desperately trying to be PC it made me sad to have wasted two hours watching it.
Allow me to rewrite this entire nonsensical movie to what would have really happened: General hands a pilot a message and tells him to drop it a couple hundred yards away. Roll the credits. Oscar for the shortest movie in history. Thank you.
What was this absolute crap..... Most over rated film ever!!! Thank god I didnt go cinema to watch this. Avoid this movie at all costs